Add project description (#15)
open-education-hub/open-education-hub-site: website/docs/description/project-description.md

---
title: Project Description
---

The advance of the Internet has shattered the old-order educational paradigm where teachers were the almost exclusive owners of knowledge and best practices.
**In the new-order educational paradigm, information is one click away.**
The one-click-away availability of digital educational content cannot compensate for flaws of the current digital educational content: closed, unstructured, general, static, impractical and non-reproducible.

At Open Education Hub (OpenEdu), we propose to revamp the development, delivery and curation of digital educational content by taking in the mindset, best practices and ideas from one of the most successful new-order ventures: the open source collaborative model.

> **We aim to use the open source collaborative model for the development, deployment and curation of digital education content.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**We aim to use the open source collaborative model for the development, deployment and curation of digital educational content.**
```

> The new digital education content will be **public, customizable, dynamic, up-to-date, practical and reproducible**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new digital education content will be **public, customizable, dynamic, up-to-date, practical and reproducible**.
```
```suggestion
The new digital educational content will be **public, customizable, dynamic, up-to-date, practical and reproducible**.
```

> We will thus be developing open educational resources (OER) and harness the benefits of the open source collaborative model to engage content consumers and content producers, thus facilitating the 5R activities of OER: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are developing open educational resources (OER) and we harness the benefits of the open source collaborative model to engage content consumers and content producers, thus facilitating the 5R activities of OER: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.
```

> The common open source components, methods and definitions will be adapted to the development, deployment and curation of digital education content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The common open source components, methods and definitions are adapted to the development, deployment and curation of digital education content.
```

> **Open source repositories** will make the digital content available to teachers, students / learners and would-be contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Open source repositories** make the digital content available to teachers, students / learners and would-be contributors.
```

> **Open source deployment and automation solutions** will make the content practical and reproducible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Open source deployment and automation solutions** makes the content practical and reproducible.
```

Teachers produce digital educational content and deploy the automation environment for engaging content.

> Students / Learners consume the digital educational content with the option of being able to contribute to it (validated by teachers) and use the automation environment when working on engaging content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Students / Learners consume the digital educational content with the option of being able to contribute to it.
Their contributions are validated by teachers and tested by the automation environment.
```

---
title: Project Description
---

The advance of the Internet has shattered the old-order educational paradigm where teachers were the almost exclusive owners of knowledge and best practices.
**In the new-order educational paradigm, information is one click away.**
The one-click-away availability of information cannot compensate for flaws of the current digital educational content: closed, unstructured, general, static, impractical and non-reproducible.

At Open Education Hub (OpenEdu), we improve the development, delivery and curation of digital educational content by taking in the mindset, best practices and ideas from one of the most successful new-order ventures: the open source collaborative model.
**We use the open source collaborative model for the development, deployment and curation of digital educational content.**
The new digital educational content is **public, customizable, dynamic, up-to-date, practical and reproducible**.
We are developing open educational resources (OER) and we are harnessing the benefits of the open source collaborative model to engage content consumers and content producers.

> In this way, we are facilitating the 5R activities of OER: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.

Reviewer 2: Add [a link](https://nsufl.libguides.com/oer/5rs) that explains the 5R's. Otherwise, they seem a little vague.

> title: Project description

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: Project Description
```

---

The advance of the Internet has shattered the old-order educational paradigm where teachers were the almost exclusive owners of knowledge and best practices.
**In the new-order educational paradigm, information is one click away.**
The one-click-away availability of digital educational content cannot compensate for flaws of the current digital educational content: closed, unstructured, general, static, impractical and non-reproducible.

At Open Education Hub (OpenEdu), we propose to revamp the development, delivery and curation of digital educational content by taking in the mindset, best practices and ideas from one of the most successful new-order ventures: the open source collaborative model.
**We aim to use the open source collaborative model for the development, deployment and curation of digital education content.**
The new digital education content will be **public, customizable, dynamic, up-to-date, practical and reproducible**.

> We will thus be developing open education content (OER) and harness the benefits of the open source collaborative model to engage content consumers and content producers, thus facilitating the 5R activities of OER: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will thus be developing open education resources (OER) and harness the benefits of the open source collaborative model to engage content consumers and content producers, thus facilitating the 5R activities of OER: retain, reuse, revise, remix, redistribute.
```

The common open source components, methods and definitions will be adapted to the development, deployment and curation of digital education content.

> **Open source repositories** will make the digital content available to teachers, students and would-be contributors.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Open source repositories** will make the digital content available to teachers, students / learners and would-be contributors.
```

**Open source deployment and automation solutions** will make the content practical and reproducible.
Teachers produce digital educational content and deploy the automation environment for engaging content.

> Students consume the digital educational content with the option of being able to contribute to it (validated by teachers) and use the automation environment when working on engaging content.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Students / learners consume the digital educational content with the option of being able to contribute to it (validated by teachers) and use the automation environment when working on engaging content.
```
